Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Tell me what?
Was that Kevin?
Yeah. I'm moving in with him.
We're in love.
I'm the one
that's in love with you.
Flattered. seriously.
but. um...
-we can't...
-No. no. no. wait. wait. no.
-Let go!
-I want you to stay here
with me!
I don't love you!
Sorry. I didn't know
it was gonna be this far.
I just don't understand
why she has to stay here.
I told you already.
Ever since
Maddie's mom passed away.
she's gone into a tailspin.
she's failed out of college.
she's completely broke.
She just needs a little help
getting back on her feet.
Well. tell her to get
a cheap motel. then.
Why? This place is empty.
We both live in the city.
You won't let me rent it out.
-you won't let me sell it.
-I'm just not ready.
Well. how long
is she gonna be here?
Must be Maddie.
Well. tell her she has
to stay outta this bedroom.
Yeah. She can stay
in the guest room.
Aunt Grace.
Maddie!
How long has it been?
-Um...
-Come in. come in!
-How old were you?
-I don't know. maybe 12?
That's right.
You were asking everyone
for training bras
for your birthday.
I didn't find out
about your mom's passing
until it was too late.
That's okay.
I would have gone
to the funeral.
It's okay. Aunt Grace.
Really. It's fine.
I'm just glad
we got to reconnect.
Well. you're here now.
You have such a nice house.
Thanks!
Paul and I have really
enjoyed it over the years.
He's been spending
a lot more time here
since we lost our tenant.
But we love
our place in the city.
Are you okay?
Paul and I have been going
through a rough patch.
Um...things just haven't been
the same for about a year.
So sorry to hear that.
Marriage can be tough.
Any relationship
can be tough.
You saw that
with your mom and I.
Are you sure
you should still go?
To Africa?
I think it'll do us some good.
Ugh. I'm so nervous. too.
It's my first commission
on that side of the world. so...
But you take such good pictures!
You're gonna do great.
What about you?
Have you kept up
with your photography?
Your mom mentioned it once.
said you couldn't focus
on biology because. uh.
you were too busy
being an artist.
Well. that may have been
part of the reason. but...
I don't know.
I just love it.
Just staring outside
at the scenery
is getting my creative juices
flowing.
I can feel your mom's eyes
rollin' from heaven at me
right now.
Me too.
You know what?
You are more than welcome
to use the camera equipment
I'm not taking with me
to Africa.
I mean. some of it's
pretty dated. but...
I'd love to see what you do
with it while I'm gone.
Gosh. thank you!
Well. you should
probably meet Paul.
Paul?
This is my niece Maddie.
Hi. Paul!
Thanks again for letting me
stay here for a while.
I just need a fresh start
is all.
I'm not really happy
about you staying here.
but since you're
Grace's niece. fine.
I just have one rule:
Stay out of this bedroom.
See what I've been
dealing with?
He's been so difficult lately.
I swear. men are
oversized toddlers.
Listen. Maddie.
I'm not sure what's gonna happen
when I come back. but...
if things don't change.
I'm afraid this is
the end of Paul and I.
Don't say that!
It's true.
which is one of the reasons why
I'm super excited you're here.
If you can help me
get this place into shape.
I could put it
on the market.
Who knows?
Maybe you can help me sell it
and I can give you commission.
Of course!
Anything for you.
Aunt Grace.
Again. I really appreciate
you letting me stay here.
Oh.
And there's one more
important thing
I need to discuss with you.
What is it?
I guess there's no way
of beating around the bush.
Um. Paul and I never got around
to putting internet here.
That's it?
Yes. that's it.
Honestly. my phone's
probably gonna shut off here
soon anyway.
but you know what?
I'm actually looking forward
to just tuning out
and turning off
the rest of the world.
Oh. good!
I wasn't sure
how you were gonna take that.
Oh. and the cell reception
is spotty.
Otherwise. the landline
works perfectly great.
What is that thing?
Just kidding.
I saw one
on the History Channel once.
Oh. you're funny.
Come on!
And we have
a fully stocked wine rack.
which you're more than welcome
to raid.
Is this heaven?!
Oh my God. I can't believe
you remember that.
How could I forget?
Any last questions?
No. I don't think so.
Again. I really do
appreciate it.
Please.
Just make yourself at home.
All the important numbers
are on the fridge.
And should anything go wrong.
just--
I know. I know.
You'll be in Africa.
so just call Paul.
Got it.
I'll make sure Paul checks
on you every so often.
Yeah. I'll be sure
to do that.
Okay. Thanks.
Take care. Maddie.
I'll see you
when I get back.
-Have a great time.
-I will.
I'm leaving.
Don't burn the place down.
Great.
Who are you?
Oh. shoot! No...
Um. hello?
Hey. girl.
Maddie?
Where are you
calling me from?
My aunt's--
are you ready for this--
-rotary phone.
-What? No way.
Yeah. I-I kinda misplaced
my cell phone.
Oh.
So how long do you plan
on staying out there?
I don't know.
Until I get
my act together?
Or I become
a famous photographer.
Or they kick me out.
"They"?
Yeah. my aunt and her husband.
I'm supposed to call him
if I need anything
while she's away.
Oh. wow. so he's like
your landlord now?
Yeah. I guess.
Anyway. there's also
this other guy.
He lives next door.
Is he cute?
Uh. I wouldn't have
mentioned him if he wasn't.
True.
Anyway. he and Paul...
-Paul?
-Yeah. the landlord.
or my aunt's husband.
he and the neighbor guy.
they were staring at each other
like there was some kind
of bad history there.
Well. that should be fun.
And the master bedroom
is locked.
So weird.
Anyway. I should probably
get to sleep.
-Bye. girl.
-Bye.
♪ Another sad day ♪
♪ Making the most
of our time ♪
♪ Pausing to enjoy
the weather ♪
♪ Looking for a place
to unwind ♪
♪ It's all in the balance ♪
♪ Feels so good to be outside ♪
♪ Nothing's gonna last forever ♪
♪ It's all right ♪
♪ We're running out of time ♪
♪ We're reliving days we lost ♪
♪ We already realized ♪
♪ Nothing ever lasts for long ♪
♪ We got Saturday.
and before it fades away ♪
♪ We're watching
when the sun comes down ♪
Hello?
Hey.
Jesus!
-Dude. you scared me.
-I know. I'm sorry.
I knocked and I--
and I said something
and I saw you in here.
I just--I just wanted
to introduce myself.
So you just decided
to walk right in?
I know. Yeah. like. not cool.
I am. like. full
of regret right now.
I'll--I'll just
leave you alone. okay?
Wait. uh...
I had my headphones on.
That's why
I didn't hear you knock.
Right.
That makes sense.
because...yeah.
Can I...start over and...
Sure. Hi. I'm Maddie.
and I will be staying here
for a couple months.
-Grace is my aunt.
-Oh. very cool!
Uh. I'm Kevin.
I'm your...neighbor.
I guess you already knew that.
Wow.
You know. the depths and detail
are really. uh.
quite impressive.
Yeah. and then.
my parents left.
and I've been here ever since.
I manage a few rental properties
in the area.
It's pretty easy.
It's been good.
That's cool.
Does it ever get lonely
out here?
Yeah.
Yeah. it does.
Well. maybe you won't be
so lonely anymore.
Yeah. maybe.
Well. hey.
if you ever need anything.
you know where I live.
Is that why you stopped by?
Huh? Oh. no. no. I...
I was gonna ask you
if you'd seen my cat.
He's gray. got stripes.
pink collar with "Jazzy" on it.
-Jazzy?
-Mm-hmm.
I haven't seen a cat.
but I was hearing a bunch
of strange noises last night.
-You can set that down.
-Oh. right. um...
Well. some of that
might have been me.
I was looking for Jazzy
out back.
Sorry. but noises are just
a part of this place.
You know. we got raccoons.
skunks. snakes. you name it.
That doesn't sound too safe
for Jazzy.
Exactly. I mean. you know.
he could hold his own.
but I like to check in with him
every once in a while.
Well. if I see him. I'll be sure
to give you a holler.
Okay.
Oh...
Thank you for my picture.
Oh. hey. uh.
the other day when you were
working on your car.
when my aunt left.
you and...
You were looking at. uh...
Yeah?
Nothing. Never mind.
Crushed. like it was ran over
by a semi truck ten times.
That sucks.
Are you gonna get a new one?
I don't really have the money
for that right now.
Besides. there's no Wi-Fi.
What? That's crazy.
I know. right?
I guess I'll just have to find
other ways to entertain myself.
Speaking of. I met the neighbor.
and he's so cute!
Like a puppy.
He's also a landlord.
and he named his cat Jazzy.
How cute is that?
Oh. God. here goes Maddie again
falling in love.
What?
I just said he's cute.
that's all.
Anyway. did you ask him
why he was staring down
your aunt's husband like that?
I was going to.
but then I chickened out.
Ask him. I mean. it might have
something to do with your aunt.
I know. I know. I will.
All right. I gotta go. girl.
-Bye!
-Bye.
Hello?
Anyone there?
Jazzy?
Kitty. is that you?
Your daddy's looking for you.
Paul!
What are you doing here?
I just thought I'd stop by
and see how things are going.
Fine. but can't you
give me a heads up
when you're coming over.
or ring the doorbell?
Why would I?
I have the key.
Did you or did you not
spill wine on this pillow?
I-I'm so sorry.
I tried to get it out.
I'll pay to have it cleaned
or whatever.
I'm gonna go put
some clothes on. okay?
You do that.
Hey. Paul?
I thought you left!
Is everything okay?
Why wouldn't it be?
I smelled something weird.
like lavender maybe?
I-I just used the. uh...
Bathroom?
I lit a candle.
I was trying to...
be polite. you know.
Okay. that's cool.
So. are you just gonna
leave it on or what?
Don't go in there. that's our--
It's a special place.
Sure thing.
By the way. did you. uh.
did you turn up the thermostat?
Yeah.
A couple degrees.
No.
You turned it up three degrees.
not a couple.
It needs to stay at 65. or...
Sixty-five.
Sorry. I was cold.
Maybe you should stop prancing
around in your underwear.
Is there anything else I need
to take care of around here?
Repair?
Maybe more--
more wine stains. huh?
No. I don't think so.
All right.
Oh. I. uh.
met the neighbor. Kevin.
You know. if I were you.
I'd stay away from him.
You found me!
Lucky. my GPS disconnected
like five miles from here.
Oh. I know. it's the worst.
Jazzy?
Is that Boy-Toy?
Hey. Kevin.
Oh. hey!
This is my friend Layla.
Hi. Layla. nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Have you found Jazzy yet?
No. I was just looking for him.
I'm starting to worry.
I'll keep an eye out.
See ya.
Take another one.
and make me look good this time.
Gorgeous.
He is so cute.
If you don't take advantage
of that while you're here.
I will disown you
and come and do it myself.
I didn't come here
to get a boyfriend.
Well. no one said anything
about getting a boyfriend.
Layla!
This place is so nice.
Yeah. it is.
But...it gets
a bit creepy at night.
I don't know. I...
I feel like there's
always someone watching me.
Shut up!
I do.
You'll never guess
what happened this morning.
I came out of the bathroom.
and Paul was just sitting there
like a creep.
The husband?
Yes. and he was like.
"Did you just spill wine
on this pillow?"
Then he slammed the door.
When I mentioned Kevin's name.
he said to stay away from him.
What? Why?
I don't know. I have no idea.
And then. I saw blood
on his sleeve and on the door.
Blood?
Are you sure
it wasn't the wine?
I don't know. maybe. but...
he was just so strange.
I don't know why my aunt
keeps trying with him.
Like. what does she
even see in him?
Maybe he's just amazing in bed.
Ew. Layla!
That is so gross!
-He might.
-Oh!
Not bad for a biology dropout.
Ooh! Oh. this is cool.
Looks like some kind of diary.
It needs a key though.
The keys!
Try one of these.
Okay. I think I know
which one it is.
-Let's see.
-Uh. I don't know.
Oh. come on. it's okay.
Oh. look:
"I came back early
to find Paul and Kaycee
lounging on the couch.
Paul seemed to move further away
from her when she saw me.
I don't think anything was
going on. but it was still odd.
Kaycee's just so young.
and I don't think Paul
would ever cheat on me."
Okay. we can't.
this is my aunt's.
Oh. come on.
It's okay. come on.
just one more.
Just read it.
"I asked Paul if he wanted
to go to the movies tonight.
and he said no again.
He just hasn't been the same
since Kaycee left."
Hmm.
Okay. that's enough.
You're lame!
I wonder who Kaycee is.
Maybe her?
Maybe.
Tell me how it goes with Kevin!
Stop!
See you later.
Hope I don't get lost.
Drive safe.
Bye. girl! Bye!
Kevin?
Answer.
Hello?
Paul. thank God.
Maddie. what's wrong?
I-I-I was just taking a bath.
and. I don't know.
blood just started coming
out of the faucet.
Blood? Are you sure?
Yes! I think I know blood
when I see it!
Why would blood be in the pipes?
You sure you're not
on your period. Maddie?
No!
Can't you just come
figure it out?
It's 11 o'clock
at night. Maddie.
Paul. please!
Aunt Grace said. if I need
anything. to just call you.
Maddie. why don't you
just clean yourself off.
and I'll come over
in the morning.
Good night. Maddie.
So. what was it?
Oh. the darnedest thing.
I don't know how it happened.
but some animals
must've gotten
into the septic tank.
Some animals?
I was taking a bath
in animal blood?
Yeah. there was fur
all over the place. too.
Oh. um. yeah. I found this.
Jazzy?
Yeah. I did the best I could
to clean it all up.
but. uh. you know.
if I were you.
I'd let the water run a bit
and cycle through.
Thanks. Paul. I...
I'm sorry I called you so late.
I-I just saw the blood.
and I freaked out.
It's all right.
Did you get lost in there?
It's been like forever.
I was just cleaning up.
Do you know who this is
in the photo?
Yeah. that's Kaycee.
Kaycee?
Who's she?
She's a model that Aunt Grace
used in all of her photo shoots.
She was from New Orleans.
Where is she now?
I don't know.
Do you. uh. you need
anything else?
No. that's it.
Lonely already?
Come in.
I didn't just walk in this time.
No. but you did scare me a bit.
Well. what do you think?
I've got pizza. wine.
You wanna pop on the big game?
Pizza. yes.
Wine. hell yes.
But the game?
I don't have a TV.
Oh. right. I forgot
you don't have a TV here.
Well. we can just go back
to my place.
I've got an antenna.
Or...maybe we can just enjoy
each other's company?
Okay. but you have
to randomly throw
the word "football" in
every few sentences.
Okay. deal.
Um. I'll go open the wine.
-You can sit.
-Oh. thank you.
Yeah. so. my mom and Grace
never really got along.
I think she always resented
that Grace was so carefree.
and she didn't want her
to influence me.
Well. that kinda backfired.
didn't it?
What about your dad?
He...
ran off when I was two.
No idea where he's at.
Anyway. I tried to follow
in my mom's footsteps
and become a nurse.
but have you ever taken courses
like microbiology
or physiology?
Um. not in the last few hours.
Well. they're super hard.
So. when my mom
passed away last year.
I realized that...
I was just doing it for her.
and it was never really for me.
Photography is my passion.
Just like your aunt.
except she's not training to be
a paparazzi photographer
like you.
That was one photo!
What'd you do with it.
by the way?
Oh. it's definitely going
on my Christmas card.
So. thank you. yeah.
-I'll take a better one.
-Okay.
So. um. how's Paul?
Fine.
-Why?
-Oh. just asking.
I mean. I just see his truck
outside your place
a couple times.
You don't like him. do you?
Why do you say that?
I saw the way
you were looking at him
when I first came.
Paul was always a nice guy.
until...
Until what?
He just. uh. changed.
When?
Him and your aunt
used to rent out the spare room
to really anybody who needs it.
and then all of a sudden.
they just stopped.
After...Kaycee left?
Yeah.
Wait. how do you know that?
Uh. I. um.
I saw her photos
in my aunt's portfolio.
Right.
Did you know her?
Yeah.
Uh. kinda. I mean. I...
I met her like once or twice.
I don't know what happened
to her. um...
Sorry. what was you--
what were you asking about?
Oh. Paul. right. um.
we really haven't said anything
to each other
since we had a bit
of a...disagreement.
About what?
I don't remember.
Yeah. Paul's definitely
something else.
I still don't know
what to make of him.
Oh. and that blood in
the bath tub I told you about.
he said it came
from dead animals
in my septic tank or whatever.
What? Wait. wait. wait.
could that have been Ja--
Oh. no.
It wasn't a cat. it was. uh...
raccoons.
Oh. okay. okay.
But wait.
in the septic tank though?
I don't think that's possible.
That's--that's what he said.
Hey. you okay. Maddie?
Yeah.
Sorry.
Football.
Where'd you get that iPod?
In the drawer
in the guest bedroom.
There's some really cool music
on it.
-What's wrong?
-Uh...
I should just be going. um...
Wait. is everything okay?
Yeah.
Yeah. no. it's--it's...fine.
I just. um...
It's been a while.
Yeah.
But I'll. uh.
see you tomorrow. yeah?
Paul?
Are you in there?
Oh my God!
What are you doing?
You're naked!
I was out and about.
it got late.
so I just thought
I'd crash here.
You can't do that!
I was quiet.
Did you hear me come in?
No. but you just can't freely
come in and out
as you please.
even if it's your house!
Well. your Aunt Grace told me
she wanted me to check in
on you. so...
No. I don't need you to!
I'm fine. I'm really.
really. really fine!
Jeez. you're naked. Paul!
Can't you just leave?
What do you want?
I just...
I want you to be cool
with Maddie is all.
Why do you care?
You know why.
When are you gonna get it
through your thick skull?
I had nothing to do
with Kaycee leaving.
When I get answers. Paul.
-Naked?
-Yes. and...
I'm pretty sure he may have been
in my room last night.
You need to call
and tell your aunt about him.
I have. but her phone
keeps going to voicemail.
What about a hotel or...
A hotel?
I have $50 to my name.
You could stay with Kevin.
I told Aunt Grace
I would take care of the house.
I can't just leave.
-So then...
-I mean. I told Paul
to never come back here.
I...I guess we'll just have
to see what happens now.
-You think he's going to listen?
-Do I have a choice?
Hey. Kevin!
-Hey!
-Hey.
-What are you doing?
-I'm just snapping some photos.
Oh. nice.
I had a really great time
last night.
Me too.
I'm sorry that I had
to bolt out of there.
-I just...
-It's okay.
Um...I...
I have to come clean
about something.
It wasn't just raccoons
found in the septic tank.
It was your cat too. Jazzy.
-What?
-I am so sorry.
I just didn't want
to see you get upset.
I appreciate that. um...
How do you know it was Jazzy?
Paul said there was fur
all over the place.
In the septic tank?
You know what a septic tank is.
right?
No.
Sorry. why?
Just doesn't make sense.
Why would he lie about that?
I've gotta go.
Are you sure?
If you wanna talk.
or get your mind off things.
you can always stay.
This time it was
just a cat. Maddie.
What does that mean?
Nothing.
No. I--I meant. it's--
Hey. I'll see you later. okay?
Hello?
Hello? I'm in here!
Maddie?
I'm in the bathroom!
The AC was on full blast.
What? I keep cranking
that thing up.
It has a mind of its own.
Anyways. thanks
for opening the door.
It's a good thing I came over.
You know. I brought some wings.
Thanks.
Um...
Will you...
stay with me tonight?
I'm not really feeling
safe here.
Uh. sure.
Thanks.
Will you get the light?
Oh. yeah. of course.
Kevin?
Are you still here?
Hey. it's just me.
Come here.
How do you feel?
Better. but...where did you go?
I just couldn't get comfortable.
I mean. that room...
The bed is just really small.
You wanna come up to my place?
I've got a queen.
Or we can just try to get
into the master bedroom.
There's a queen in there.
What do you think?
It's just an idea.
Yeah. let's do it.
I found a set of keys.
but none of them worked.
Well. let me have a go at it.
I haven't slept that good
in a while.
You know. I think I'm gonna
start staying in here
from now on.
I don't care what Paul thinks.
That sounds like a plan.
What are you lookin' for?
I have no idea.
but Paul comes in here a lot.
Find anything?
No. I mean.
everything seems normal enough.
But why lock the door?
Why not just put a sign on it?
Would a sign have stopped you?
I mean. a lock didn't.
You're right.
Stop!
-What?
-Oh my God.
What happened?
Did you leave the door open
last night?
No!
No. I don't think so.
Oh no.
Maddie. I am so sorry.
Do you think animals
could have done this?
Honestly?
I don't know.
I mean. this is the chicken
I left over last night.
If it was animals. they would've
gotten to this. right?
Oh my God.
That's weird.
Only your photos are ripped up
and none of your aunt's.
You're right.
I think this was Paul.
Why would he trash his own place
and my photos?
And a lot of your clothes.
He's trying to run you out.
-Why? I didn't do anything.
-Just think about it.
I mean. your crushed cell phone.
Jazzy in the septic tank.
the bathroom door knob.
the thermostat
that has a mind of its own.
and now this?
Look. just for now.
why don't you come stay with me?
A little too soon. Kevin.
Okay. I don't mean it like that.
I just mean...to stay safe.
No.
I'm not gonna let him beat me.
I'm gonna catch him.
Come on.
Oh. okay.
Okay. so. I'm gonna set it
on a time lapse.
Aunt Grace used to do this
on our family holidays
when I was little.
and you can see the decorations
going up and the lights
flickering on and off.
You wanna capture us
cleaning up this mess
to test it?
Yeah.
Hi! Oh my gosh!
I love the hair!
Thank you!
Let's get you some wine. girl.
Oh. here's something.
"They make such a cute couple.
It almost feels like kismet
that I was able
to bring them together."
Who's they?
She wouldn't have said that
about Paul.
Ew. Keep reading.
There has to be more juice
in there somewhere.
I mean. most of it is
about her photography.
people she meets. travels.
Did you know
she's been to Japan?
Mm-mm.
Oh wait. I found something else.
"Kevin came over
to confront Paul today.
For whatever reason.
Kevin thinks Paul
had something to do
with Kaycee leaving.
like scaring her...
or even hurting her.
I don't believe that.
I do think it's strange that
she would just up and leave.
but people are funny that way.
and when Kaycee first arrived.
it always felt like
she was just passing through."
Kevin and Kaycee.
They used to be a couple.
Not Paul and Kaycee?
I don't know.
Maybe they had an affair too?
That would explain why Kevin
might've felt a certain way.
if he had known.
Maybe that's why Kaycee left.
I mean. judging
from all these entries.
that's almost a year ago.
Oh. I found something else.
"New Orleans.
That's where Kaycee said
she's from.
She's turning out to be
my favorite model.
She's so full of life.
I know Paul has
a little crush on her.
I mean. who wouldn't?
They have
the New Orleans connection.
It's all harmless though."
Okay. we gotta figure this out.
Hello. Kaycee.
Paul. this is Kaycee Irwin.
She's gonna be renting
the guest room.
Oh. that's good.
Uh. where you from. Kaycee?
New Orleans.
I grew up there.
Yeah. I love the music.
love the food.
We're gonna have to cook you up
something spicy.
-Oh. yes.
-That would be amazing.
Have a seat.
So. um. we don't have Wi-Fi.
and it's an old house. so...
Beautiful. okay.
hold it right there.
Oh. that's gorgeous.
hold it there.
Lift the flowers up
a little bit.
Hey. Paul!
You like my wig?
Yeah. it's really cute.
What are you doing down here?
Oh. I just thought
I'd get some fresh air.
come down and see
how the session's going.
You never visit my sessions.
That's 'cause you're
usually taking pictures
of ugly people like me.
Oh. Paul. you're far from ugly.
Oh. that's beautiful.
right there. hold it.
One. two. three.
Hey. I'm s--I'm sorry.
-Oh.
-Sorry.
didn't mean to bother you.
I'm Kevin.
I live in that house over there.
I'm Kaycee.
It's a pleasure
to meet you. Kaycee.
You just moved in?
I did. yeah.
Welcome to the neighborhood.
How long are you
gonna be staying here?
No idea. just...
I like it here.
I love you.
You know that.
Right?
I had a whole plan for us.
What are you doing?
Kaycee.
Get out!
Oh my God!
Yeah. I'm almost done.
You got a kitten?
You named him Jazzy?
I love that. that's so cute!
Yeah. I will be right there.
I just have to tell
Paul and Grace.
Okay. bye.
Tell Paul and Grace what?
Was--was that Kevin?
Oh. hey. yeah. um.
I'm moving in with him.
We're in love.
But I'm the one
who's in love with you.
I'm...flattered. seriously.
but. you know. you're married.
Oh. no. no. no. that's been over
for a long time now. yeah.
Uh. yeah. that doesn't matter.
Uh. you just need
to give us a chance.
I'm...I'm so sorry.
Hey. no. no. no. stay here.
Stay here.
just stay here with me.
Let go!
No. no. no. please. please!
I need you here with me. please.
I don't love you!
Get off!
Look what you made me do.
No one will ever come
between us. Kaycee.
No one.
I love you. Kaycee.
Hey!
Hey. leave her alone!
What are you talkin' about?
I know exactly
what you're up to.
Her phone. the bathroom door.
all of it.
And you killed Jazzy.
didn't you?
-You. you are sick.
-Jazzy?
Yes. don't pretend
like you don't remember.
Kaycee's cat. Jazzy.
I bought him a real nice rock.
okay. real nice stone.
even had it engraved.
and I had to bury that collar
in the field out back!
Listen. Paul. I don't know
what you're up to.
but you drove Kaycee
to run away.
and now you're trying to do
the same to Maddie.
Okay. Kevin...
you really wanna know
what happened to Kaycee?
So. what are you up to tomorrow?
I don't know. I think I might
just like go on a hike
and clear my head.
Are you sure?
I wouldn't hike out here alone.
I'll be fine.
If Paul tries to creep
or trash his house again.
I'll have proof
to show my aunt.
Okay.
Just be careful.
and you might want to take
that wig off.
You know what. you can have it.
Oh. gee. thanks!
Let's see.
I'll keep looking through this.
see if I find
anything else. okay?
Call me.
I found something else
in the diary.
"Today was the annual
fall festival.
and I baked the perfect
Dutch apple pie.
but I wasted my time
since I never ended up going.
I was visited by my good friend.
psychiatrist Dr. Fernando Avila.
who agreed to meet with Paul
since he seemed to be
in such a depressive mood
ever since Kaycee left.
Fernando said that Paul
was suffering from a combination
of delusional jealousy
and erotomania
where Paul believed that Kaycee
may have had strong feelings
for him in return.
Once she left.
his heart was broken.
and time will only tell
how long it will take to mend.
Paul did apologize to me
for his behavior.
but I'm not sure
I'll ever be able to recover."
I wonder if--if she knows
how crazy he really is.
Oh. I found one more thing.
I was curious. so I looked up
Dr. Fernando Avila.
and the only one that came up
passed away three days
after the journal entry.
Listen to this:
"Investigators say
Dr. Fernando Avila died
from carbon monoxide poisoning
from his gas-powered furnace.
At the time his body was found.
all carbon monoxide detectors
were reportedly unplugged."
Oh. do you think Paul
had something to do with that?
Maybe.
I do think there's
something with Kaycee
that Paul's holding onto.
That's why he won't let
your aunt sell the house.
Maddie. he's hoping
Kaycee returns one day!
Unless...
Unless what?
Unless she's...
Unless she's already there.
What? Layla. like she's dead?
What?
You're really starting
to freak me out.
Just be careful.
I'm gonna keep looking to see
if I find anything else.
You should ask Kevin too.
Okay. I will.
I'm gonna call you. so pick up.
Bye.
Who is it?
Maintenance. there's a leak
in the apartment below you.
I think it's coming
from your bath tub.
Do you guys have normal hours?
Lookie here.
Imagine that. everything...
about me.
right in this little book.
You know. it's hard
to make a marriage work
when there's no
forgive-and-forget.
You know. uh.
people take landlords
for granted.
Yeah. they think they're
just around to fix things.
but do you know
what else they do?
They save lives.
Kevin?
Kevin. it's Maddie.
I brought you some coffee.
I kinda wanted to talk to you
a little about. um...Kaycee.
Are you mad at me?
Hey. listen. I'm gonna go hiking
and take some photos.
Layla?
Come on. Layla.
I'm sure it was you.
Hello?
Oh. hey. hey. Grace.
So great to hear your voice.
Yeah. how's Africa?
What?
Really?
When?
That's. uh. wonderful news.
Yeah.
No. I don't know why Maddie
wouldn't pick up her phone.
Well. maybe she's outside.
Voicemails?
I don't know...
Look. last time I checked on
her. she was just doing great.
Yeah. well. she'll be
excited to see you.
Yeah.
As will I.
Welcome back. Maddie.
Kevin.
Kevin?!
Enough playing games.
Hey. Maddie!
How ya doin'?
I gotta hand it to ya.
you sure made this game fun.
I mean. really.
I really thought
you would've run away by now.
but I guess you got
a pretty high tolerance
because you don't have
to pay rent!
Oh. looks like you found
good old Kevin!
I got kinda tired of him.
He was gettin' on my nerves.
Yeah. he was always
snoopin' around.
stickin' his nose
where it shouldn't be.
kinda like you.
What's it gonna be. Maddie?
Carbon monoxide poisoning?
Maybe a fall
from a high ladder. huh?
That'd break your neck.
Stay away from me. Paul!
What have you done?
What do you mean?
Have you hurt Kaycee?
Kaycee?
What are you talking about?
Where is she?
Did you kill her?
You hurt her. didn't you?
You hurt her!
Oh my God. No. Layla.
Stop!
-What did you do to Layla?
-That was your fault. Maddie.
You should've never gotten
her involved.
And Kaycee was fine
until you started meddling!
It's always been about Kaycee.
hasn't it?
Oh. no. I just wanted her here.
where she belongs.
She was running
from an abusive relationship.
and I was taking care of her!
-And what about Kevin?
-Everything was fine
till he came into the picture.
He was taking her away from me!
You need to stop this. Paul!
And my poor aunt?
You've been using her
this whole time.
You need help!
No. I'm sorry.
I can't let Kaycee go.
She needs someone
to take care of her.
who will love her.
That person can only be me.
That's for Layla.
That's for Kevin.
That's for Kaycee.
Okay. ma'am. we have units
arriving to the location.
Just stay in the house.
keep the door locked.
and stay on the phone.
Just stay with me.
You're going to be fine.
Can you hear me?
-Yeah.
-Okay. stay with us.
-I'll be right here.
-Just stay on the phone.
-Thank you.
-You're going to be fine.
You're free now. Kaycee.
What's happening?
Paul. what have you done?
Maddie.
Oh my God.
It's okay.
-Oh God.
-It's okay.
I'm fine.
-I'm sorry.
-It's okay.
I didn't think
you were gonna make it.
I almost didn't.
I got so nervous.
I almost threw up.
Listen. no matter
what happens today.
I really think you should give
college another shot.
Make your mom happy.
Actually. I found
a photography school
that might work.
I'm really proud of you.
Thanks. Aunt Grace.
I love you so much.
Oh.